---
layout: default
---

This workshop will focus heavily on practical, actionable aspects of 
reproducibility in broad areas of computational science and data 
exploration, with special emphasis on issues in which community 
collaboration can be essential for adopting novel methodologies, 
techniques and frameworks aimed at addressing some of the challenges 
we face today. The workshop will bring together researchers and 
experts to share experiences and advance the state of the art in the 
reproducible evaluation of computer systems, featuring contributed 
papers and invited talks.


## Topics

We expect submissions from topics such as, but not limited to:

  * Experiment dependency management.
  * Software citation and persistence.
  * Data versioning and preservation.
  * Provenance of data-intensive experiments.
  * Tools and techniques for incorporating provenance into publications.
  * Automated experiment execution and validation.
  * Experiment portability for code, performance, and related metrics.
  * Experiment discoverability for re-use.
  * Cost-benefit analysis frameworks for reproducibility.
  * Usability and adaptability of reproducibility frameworks into already-established domain-specific tools.
  * Long-term artifact archiving for future reproducibility.
  * Frameworks for sociological constructs to incentivize paradigm shifts.
  * Policies around publication of articles/software.
  * Blinding and selecting artifacts for review while maintaining history.
  * Reproducibility-aware computational infrastructure.

## Submission

Submit (single-blind) via 
[EasyChair](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=precs19). We look 
for two categories of submissions:

  * **Position papers**. This category is for papers whose goal is to 
    propose solutions (or scope the work that needs to be done) to 
    address some of the issues outlined above. We hope that a research 
    agenda comes out of this and that we can create a community that 
    meets yearly to report on our status in addressing these problems.

  * **Experience papers**. This category consists of papers reporting 
    on the authors' experience in automating one or more 
    experimentation pipelines. The committee will look for submissions 
    reporting on their experience: what worked? What aspects of 
    experiment automation and validation are hard in your domain? What 
    can be done to improve the tooling for your domain? As part of the 
    submission, authors need to provide a URL to the automation 
    service they use (e.g., [TravisCI](https://travis-ci.org), 
    [GitLabCI](https://about.gitlab.com/gitlab-ci/), 
    [CircleCI](https://circleci.com), 
    [Jenkins](https://jenkins-ci.org), etc.) so reviewers can verify 
    that there is one or more automated pipelines associated to the 
    submission.

### Format

Authors are invited to submit manuscripts in English not exceeding 5 
pages of content. The 5-page limit includes figures, tables and 
appendices, but does not include references, for which there is no 
page limit. Submissions must use the [ACM Master 
Template](https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template) 
(please use the `sigconf` format with default options).

### Proceedings

The proceedings will be archived in both the ACM Digital Library and 
IEEE Xplore through SIGHPC. In addition, pre-print versions of the 
accepted articles will be published in this website (as allowed by 
[ACM's publishing 
policy](https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/simultaneous-submissions)).

### Tools

These tools can be used used to automate your experiments (not an 
exhaustive list): [CWL](http://commonwl.org), 
[Popper](https://github.com/systemslab/popper), 
[ReproZip](http://reprozip.org), [Sciunit](http://sciunit.run), 
[Sumatra](https://github.com/open-research/sumatra).

## Important Dates

  * Submissions due: April 9, 2019 (AoE)
  * Acceptance notification: April 30, 2019
  * Camera-ready paper submission: May 9, 2019
  * Workshop: June 21, 2019 (**TENTATIVE**)

## Organizers

  * [Ivo Jimenez](http://ivotron.me), UC Santa Cruz
  * [Carlos Maltzahn](https://users.soe.ucsc.edu/~carlosm/), UC Santa 
    Cruz
  * [Jay Lofstead](http://www.lofstead.org), Sandia National 
    Laboratories

## Program Committee

  * Jay Billings, Oak Ridge National Laboratory
  * Ronald Boisvert, NIST
  * Bruce R. Childers, University of Pittsburgh
  * Fernando Chirigati, New York University
  * Neil Chue Hong, Software Sustainability Institute, EPCC, University of Edinburgh
  * Robert Clay, Sandia National Labs
  * Michael Crusoe, Common Workflow Language
  * Dmitry Duplyakin, University of Utah
  * Torsten Hoefler, ETH Zurich
  * Fatma Imamoglu, University of California, Berkeley
  * Daniel S. Katz, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
  * Arnaud Legrand, CNRS / Inria / University of Grenoble
  * Tanu Malik, DePaul University
  * Robert Ricci, University of Utah
  * Victoria Stodden, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
  * Violet Syrotiuk, Arizona State University
  * Michela Taufer, University of Delaware


## Contact

Please address workshop questions to <ivo@cs.ucsc.edu>.
